# Query Job
**ID:** dd959d45f5f3b5cf892ccc43130ccded
**Title:** Licensed Practical Nurse LPN PRN
**Description (`jobDescClean`):**

a deeper compassion, for a higher purpose nurses are at the heart of our world-class, patient-centered standard of care. day in and day out, they go the extra mile to make a lasting difference in the lives of our residents and their families. travel that extra mile with a team that will encourage you to make a difference! chamberlin healthcare center is seeking prn lpns with heart, empathy, and a little extra love to provide to our patients. qualified lpns, respond to this ad with your resume to join a world class team of caring nursing professionals! up to $45/hour dependent on experience and shift worked. qualifications & experience requirements: licensed practical nurse in the state of ohio benefits: beyond our competitive wages, we offer all full-time employees a variety of benefit options including: life ltd/std medical, dental, and vision 401(k) employer match with flexible spending accounts now offering daily pay! work today, get paid tomorrow. catch the spirit! when you join the communicare family, you'll quickly catch the team spirit. coworkers and residents become family, the workplace becomes a home, and a touch of spontaneity and fun keeps everyone smiling. our core values promote an environment of respect, courtesy, and professional excellence where you can dedicate yourself to a career you love. the communicare commitment first and foremost, we are a compassionate, family-owned company who truly believes in the care we provide. we are one of the nation's largest providers of post-acute care, which includes skilled nursing rehabilitation centers, long-term care centers, assisted living communities, independent rehabilitation centers, and long-term acute care hospitals (ltach). we have a mission to reach out with our hearts and touch the hearts of others. through this effort, we create caring communities where staff, residents, and family members care for one another. we strive to inspire our patients, but often, they inspire us. job type: prn permanent


---

## Neighbor 1
**ID:** 041478fc0e8e49caeabbf902650ec5b9
**Title:** RN Registered Nurse
**Similarity:** 0.9761
**Description (`jobDescClean`):**

a deeper compassion, for a higher purpose. nurses are at the heart of our world-class, patient-centered standard of care. day in and day out, they go the extra mile to make a lasting difference in the lives of our residents and their families. travel that extra mile with a team that will encourage you to make a difference! new wage scale! make up to $35.00 per hour! day and night shift positions available dixon healthcare center is seeking rns with heart, empathy, and a little extra love to provide to our patients. qualified rns, respond to this ad with your resume to join a world class team of caring nursing professionals! qualifications & experience requirements registered nurse in the state of ohio benefits beyond our competitive wages, we offer all full-time employees a variety of benefit options including: life ltd/std medical, dental, and vision 401(k) employer match with flexible spending accounts now offering daily pay! work today, get paid tomorrow. catch the spirit! when you join the communicare family, you'll quickly catch the team spirit. coworkers and residents become family, the workplace becomes a home, and a touch of spontaneity and fun keeps everyone smiling. our core values promote an environment of respect, courtesy, and professional excellence where you can dedicate yourself to a career you love. the communicare commitment first and foremost, we are a compassionate, family-owned company who truly believes in the care we provide. we are one of the nation's largest providers of post-acute care, which includes skilled nursing rehabilitation centers, long-term care centers, assisted living communities, independent rehabilitation centers, and long-term acute care hospitals (ltach). we have a mission to reach out with our hearts and touch the hearts of others. through this effort, we create caring communities where staff, residents, and family members care for one another. we strive to inspire our patients, but often, they inspire us. permanent


---

## Neighbor 2
**ID:** 7ddf82fbf96af50e014f3a3bb2c30d19
**Title:** LPN Licensed Practical Nurse PRN
**Similarity:** 0.9721
**Description (`jobDescClean`):**

a deeper compassion, for a higher purpose nurses are at the heart of our world-class, patient-centered standard of care. day in and day out, they go the extra mile to make a lasting difference in the lives of our residents and their families. travel that extra mile with a team that will encourage you to make a difference! we truly appreciate our nursing team and we want you to feel it! that's why we offer starting wages up to $36 (based upon experience and shift) weekend option program-work every weekend and receive premium pay wages up to $45 (based upon experience and shift) various shifts to include full-time, part-time and prn daily pay! work today, get paid tomorrow! tuition reimbursement free uniforms great health plans company paid life insurance and much, much, more! parkview healthcare center is seeking prn lpns with heart, empathy, and a little extra love to provide to our patients. qualified lpns, respond to this ad with your resume to join a world class team of caring nursing professionals! qualifications & experience requirements: licensed practical nurse in the state of ohio benefits: beyond our competitive wages, we offer all full-time employees a variety of benefit options including: life ltd/std medical, dental, and vision 401(k) employer match with flexible spending accounts now offering daily pay! work today, get paid tomorrow. catch the spirit! when you join the communicare family, you'll quickly catch the team spirit. coworkers and residents become family, the workplace becomes a home, and a touch of spontaneity and fun keeps everyone smiling. our core values promote an environment of respect, courtesy, and professional excellence where you can dedicate yourself to a career you love. the communicare commitment first and foremost, we are a compassionate, family-owned company who truly believes in the care we provide. we are one of the nation's largest providers of post-acute care, which includes skilled nursing rehabilitation centers, long-term care centers, assisted living communities, independent rehabilitation centers, and long-term acute care hospitals (ltach). we have a mission to reach out with our hearts and touch the hearts of others. through this effort, we create caring communities where staff, residents, and family members care for one another. we strive to inspire our patients, but often, they inspire us. permanent


---

## Neighbor 3
**ID:** 72d8bdb46788c7366ec29bd738fb4662
**Title:** LPN Licensed Nurse
**Similarity:** 0.9575
**Description (`jobDescClean`):**

a deeper compassion, for a higher purpose nurses are at the heart of our world-class, patient-centered standard of care. day in and day out, they go the extra mile to make a lasting difference in the lives of our residents and their families. travel that extra mile with a team that will encourage you to make a difference! salem west healthcare center is seeking lpns with heart, empathy, and a little extra love to provide to our patients. we truly appreciate our nursing team and we want you to feel it! that's why we offer starting wages up to $31 (based upon experience) various shifts to include full-time, part-time and prn daily pay! work today, get paid tomorrow! tuition reimbursement free uniforms great health plans company paid life insurance and much, much, more! qualified lpns, respond to this ad with your resume to join a world class team of caring nursing professionals! qualifications & experience requirements: licensed practical nurse with currently valid state license catch the spirit! when you join the communicare family, you'll quickly catch the team spirit. coworkers and residents become family, the workplace becomes a home, and a touch of spontaneity and fun keeps everyone smiling. our core values promote an environment of respect, courtesy, and professional excellence where you can dedicate yourself to a career you love. the communicare commitment first and foremost, we are a compassionate, family-owned company who truly believes in the care we provide. we are one of the nation's largest providers of post-acute care, which includes skilled nursing rehabilitation centers, long-term care centers, assisted living communities, independent rehabilitation centers, and long-term acute care hospitals (ltach). we have a mission to reach out with our hearts and touch the hearts of others. through this effort, we create caring communities where staff, residents, and family members care for one another. we strive to inspire our patients, but often, they inspire us. permanent


---

## Neighbor 4
**ID:** b881326456377bc5a13fa3756e8f9a45
**Title:** RN Registered Nurse Part Time
**Similarity:** 0.9522
**Description (`jobDescClean`):**

a deeper compassion, for a higher purpose nurses are at the heart of our world-class, patient-centered standard of care. day in and day out, they go the extra mile to make a lasting difference in the lives of our residents and their families. travel that extra mile with a team that will encourage you to make a difference! caroleton healthcare center is seeking part time rns with heart, empathy, and a little extra love to provide to our patients. qualified rns, respond to this ad with your resume to join a world class team of caring nursing professionals! qualifications & experience requirements: registered nurse in the state of indiana benefits: beyond our competitive wages, we offer all full-time employees a variety of benefit options including: life insurance ltd/std medical, dental, and vision 401(k) employer match with flexible spending accounts now offering daily pay! work today, get paid tomorrow. catch the spirit! when you join the communicare family, you'll quickly catch the team spirit. coworkers and residents become family, the workplace becomes a home, and a touch of spontaneity and fun keeps everyone smiling. our core values promote an environment of respect, courtesy, and professional excellence where you can dedicate yourself to a career you love. the communicare commitment first and foremost, we are a compassionate, family-owned company who truly believes in the care we provide. we are one of the nation's largest providers of post-acute care, which includes skilled nursing rehabilitation centers, long-term care centers, assisted living communities, independent rehabilitation centers, and long-term acute care hospitals (ltach). we have a mission to reach out with our hearts and touch the hearts of others. through this effort, we create caring communities where staff, residents, and family members care for one another. we strive to inspire our patients, but often, they inspire us.


---

## Neighbor 5
**ID:** 6825074329b8a4888edb112c2b6fce1c
**Title:** LPN Licensed Nurse, PRN
**Similarity:** 0.9363
**Description (`jobDescClean`):**

a deeper compassion, for a higher purpose nurses are at the heart of our world-class, patient-centered standard of care. day in and day out, they go the extra mile to make a lasting difference in the lives of our residents and their families. travel that extra mile with a team that will encourage you to make a difference! dixon healthcare center is seeking lpns with heart, empathy, and a little extra love to provide to our patients. prn positions available we truly appreciate our nursing team and we want you to feel it! that's why we offer starting wages up to $31 (based upon experience) various shifts to include full-time, part-time and prn daily pay! work today, get paid tomorrow! tuition reimbursement free uniforms great health plans company paid life insurance and much, much, more! qualified lpns, respond to this ad with your resume to join a world class team of caring nursing professionals! qualifications & experience requirements: licensed practical nurse with a currently valid state license catch the spirit! when you join the communicare family, you'll quickly catch the team spirit. coworkers and residents become family, the workplace becomes a home, and a touch of spontaneity and fun keeps everyone smiling. our core values promote an environment of respect, courtesy, and professional excellence where you can dedicate yourself to a career you love. the communicare commitment first and foremost, we are a compassionate, family-owned company who truly believes in the care we provide. we are one of the nation's largest providers of post-acute care, which includes skilled nursing rehabilitation centers, long-term care centers, assisted living communities, independent rehabilitation centers, and long-term acute care hospitals (ltach). we have a mission to reach out with our hearts and touch the hearts of others. through this effort, we create caring communities where staff, residents, and family members care for one another. we strive to inspire our patients, but often, they inspire us. permanent


---
